Desserts

Apple Blackberry Pie

1/4 cup butter
365 Everyday Value® Organic Butter
Everyday Savings

1 tablespoon all-purpose flour1/4 cup water1/2 cup white sugar1/2 cup brown sugar1 teaspoon lemon juice1 (6 ounce) container blackberries, halved - divided1 recipe pastry for a 9-inch double-crust pie4 large Granny Smith apple - peeled, cored, and slicedAdd all ingredients to list
Directions
Prep

20 m
Cook

50 m
Ready In

1 h 10 m
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat; stir in flour to make a smooth paste. Whisk water, white sugar, brown sugar, and lemon juice into butter mixture. Bring to a simmer and whisk constantly until mixture is thick, about 3 minutes. Stir 6 blackberry halves into sauce, reduce heat to low, and continue cooking while you complete remaining steps. Stir sauce occasionally.
Line a 9-inch pie dish with a crust. Place apples and remaining blackberries into crust. Cut remaining crust into strips about 1 inch wide. Weave pie crust strips into a lattice crust on top of the pie; pinch ends of strips to edge of bottom crust to seal. Spoon hot blackberry sauce over pie, letting it soak through the openings in the top crust. Place pie onto a baking sheet to catch drips.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce oven heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) and continue baking until crust is golden brown and sauce is bubbling, 35 to 45 more minutes.


Chocolate Cookie Icebox Dessert
This chocolate wafer and whipped cream icebox cake is a classic from everyone's childhood!

Prep Time
25 minutes
Total Time
25 minutes
Servings
12

Ingredients
3 boxes of Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers
4 cups of whipping cream
3 tbsp sugar or to taste I don't like mine too sweet
1 tsp vanilla extract
Instructions
Combine the whipping cream, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl. Beat until light and fluffy.
On a large serving platter, swirl a couple of tablespoons of whipped cream onto the plate. This will hold the bottom cookies in place.
Place 8 wafers in a circle on the plate, leaving room to place 4 on top to make a solid layer. ( see the how-to video!)
Top with whipped cream.
Repeat for another 10-11 layers.
Finish with whipped cream on top, then sprinkle with leftover broken cookies. There are always broken cookies.
Wrap lightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight until the next evening.
Remove and slice carefully to serve!

Whole Wheat Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
Prep Time
15 mins
Cook Time
8 mins
Total Time
13 mins
 
Whole Wheat Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies with hemp hearts and palm sugar - perfect for kids lunches!

Course: Dessert
Cuisine: American
Servings: 24
Calories: 124 kcal
Author: Karlynn Johnston
Ingredients
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup coconut palm sugar
1 egg
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 tsp baking soda
1 1/4 cups large flake oats
2 tbsp hemp hearts
1 cup chocolate chips
Instructions
Cream together the butter and the coconut palm sugar. 
Once they are combined thoroughly, add in the egg, followed by the vanilla. Mix in completely.

Whisk together the flour and baking soda, then add to the butter mixture until combined. 

Add the oat flakes and hemp hearts, stir them in completely. Then add in the chocolate chips. Mix until combined.

Take sized pieces of dough and roll into balls. Press them flat with the bottom of a glass, making sure to wet the bottom of the glass with water if the cookies stick. 

Bake in a 350 degree oven for 8-10 minutes. This will ensure soft, chewy cookies if you slightly underbake them.

Remove from the oven and cool on the sheets for 5 minutes, then remove to a rack.