Entrees

Grilled Pork Chops

INGREDIENTS
½ cup plus 3 Tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for grill
4 bone-in pork rib chops (about 10 oz. each)
Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper
2 tsp. coriander seeds
¼ cup apple cider vinegar
1 tsp. sugar
2 large jalapeños
¼ medium white onion, very thinly sliced
RECIPE PREPARATION
Prepare a grill for medium-high heat; lightly oil grate. Pat pork chops dry and season generously all over with salt and pepper. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.

Meanwhile, toast coriander seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing often, until golden brown and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Transfer seeds to a cutting board and let cool. Using a flat-bottomed mug or a heavy skillet, lightly crush. Place in a small bowl and add vinegar, sugar, and ½ cup oil. Season with salt and pepper and whisk until sugar and salt are dissolved. Set marinade aside.

Toss jalapeños and 1 Tbsp. oil in a small bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper. Pat pork chops dry again (the salt will have drawn out more moisture) and rub with remaining 2 Tbsp. oil. Grill jalapeños, turning often, until softened and blackened in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Grill pork chops, turning every 2 minutes or so, until cooked through but still medium-rare closest to the bone (an instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should register 145°), 8–12 minutes. Transfer to cutting board and let rest 10–15 minutes.

Cut pork along the bone to remove meat in one piece; slice ½" thick and transfer to a rimmed platter. Slice jalapeños crosswise into rounds and scatter over pork. Pour reserved marinade over and let sit at least 15 minutes and up to 1 hour before serving. To serve, scatter onion over.


Zesty Slow Cooker Chicken Barbecue
Use your slow cooker to prepare this great twist on basic barbecue chicken. Throw the chicken breasts in frozen, and serve with baked potatoes.

Prep:
10 mins
Cook:
4 hrs
Total:
4 hrs 10 mins
Servings:
6
Max Servings:
6
Yield:
6 servings
Ingredients
6 frozen skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 (12 ounce) bottle barbeque sauce
½ cup Italian salad dressing
¼ cup brown sugar 
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce

Directions
Step 1
Place chicken in a slow cooker. In a bowl, mix the barbecue sauce, Italian salad dressing, brown sugar, and Worcestershire sauce. Pour over the chicken.

Step 2
Cover, and cook 3 to 4 hours on High or 6 to 8 hours on Low.