soups

Green Gazpacho

2 cups diced honeydew melon1 English (seedless) cucumber, peeled and diced1 small onion, diced1 avocado - peeled, pitted, and chopped
Organic Hass Avocados
Everyday Savings

1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped1 clove garlic, chopped1/4 cup white balsamic vinegar1 tablespoon lime juicesalt and freshly ground black pepper to tasteAdd all ingredients to list
Directions
Prep

25 m
Ready In

55 m
Blend honeydew melon, cucumber, onion, avocado, jalapeno pepper, garlic, white balsamic vinegar, lime juice, salt, and black pepper in a blender until smooth. Adjust seasonings if desired and chill before serving.



Lentil Soup
Prep time
10 mins
Cook time
35 mins
Total time
45 mins

Serves: 4 to 6
Ingredients
2 tablespoons coconut oil
1 medium onion, chopped
4 garlic cloves, minced
3 tablespoons minced ginger
1 tablespoon mild curry powder (I use this one)
¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, more to taste
1 (28-ounce) can fire roasted diced tomatoes
1 cup dried French green lentils, rinsed and drained
2½ cups water
1 (14-ounce) can full-fat coconut milk
½ teaspoon sea salt, more to taste
Freshly ground black pepper
½ cup diced cilantro
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice
Instructions
Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook until soft and lightly browned around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes, reducing the heat to low as needed.
With the heat on low, add the garlic, ginger, curry powder, and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes.
Add the tomatoes, lentils, water, coconut milk, ½ teaspoon salt, and several grinds of black pepper. Bring to a boil, cover, and reduce to a simmer, stirring only occasionally, until the lentils are tender, 25 to 35 minutes. If your soup is too thick, stir in ½ to 1 cup more water to reach your desired consistency.
Stir in the cilantro and lime juice. Season to taste and serve.
Notes
Store leftover soup in the fridge for up to 4 days. If it thickens too much in the fridge, stir in a little water while you reheat it until you reach your desired soup consistency. This soup also freezes well.

 
Potato Leek Soup (Vichyssoise)
Rated as 4.98 out of 5 Stars
Prep

15 m
Cook

1 h 10 m
Ready In

1 h 25 m
"There is nothing better on a chilly, damp day than a steaming bowl of potato leek soup; and conversely, few things are as delicious and refreshing on a hot, sweaty day than a bowl of ice cold vichyssoise."
Ingredients
4 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 1/2 pounds trimmed leeks, cleaned and thinly cut
2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more to taste
1 1/4 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, cut into eighths
3 cups chicken or vegetable broth, or more as needed to adjust thickness
 
1 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup creme fraiche
1 pinch cayenne pepper
Chopped fresh chives for garnish
Directions
Melt butter in soup pot over medium-high heat. Add leeks and salt; cook until leeks begin to wilt. Reduce heat to medium or medium-low and cook until soft and almost pastelike, 30 to 40 minutes.
Place potatoes in the pot; add chicken broth. Adjust heat so mixture simmers slowly. Cook until potatoes are soft, about 30 minutes. Puree mixture with an immersion blender or in batches in a blender. Whisk in heavy cream and creme fraiche. Heat over medium heat. Add more salt, if needed, and cayenne pepper. Do not boil.
Serve with a drizzle of creme fraiche and a sprinkle of chopped chives.